Li Shishi
What do you want?
Can't you see
Am I signing up to sign an order?
Li Shishi, have you had enough trouble?
My old girl is not dead yet
Is the Lin family on your turn to speak?
Besides, Jiaojiao is the general manager now
You have to submit the registration too.
Do you have any say here?
Bring me a fake to try
Look at what made Mr. Lin angry?
Mr. Lin also spoke
I'm really curious
What status do you rely on to participate?
Is it possible to register a new company?
Donate to people in need when your brain is useless
Brat, that's my daughter
Who just said she didn't want it?
Sister should be self-aware
Well, only Wang Shao can match this order.
As long as Wang Shao gets the order
The tide rises in our neighborhood.
I'll be happy then.
Maybe I can even give you a mouthful of soup
Well, if they're willing to humiliate themselves
Why should we stop?
This Lin Shishi is from the Lin family
Now I come out to pick up the order by myself.
Not in line with the rules
Poetry is now in the name of the individual
In other words, the order is in Shishi's hands
No need to have any relationship with any family
Everything is run by his new company
kid
I said, is your brain stupid or show off?
Used an unregistered new salary
Come and participate in our 100 billion orders.
Are you crazy?
Could it be that you think the four major families are fools?
I think you're the fool.
You should go to the hospital to have a good look.
If you go late, you won't be saved.
Although we have not yet registered the company
But in the capacity of implementation
You can get the order at will.